In this lecture, we'll set up the mock environment that is required to write unit tests for our user
account controller, the user account controller uses user account repository and interest repository.
We need to mock those two to do that.
Go to source test Java.
Open up the class that is in there, the test class that is marked with spring boot test annotation.
And inject the user account repository or Mock the user account repository, define it first user account
repository mark it with @ mock annotation from org mockito that will create a mock object of this type.
Next interest repository is the second guy call it interest repository mark it with @ mock annotation
as well.
Then we want to inject these mocks into the user account controller object, which we can then use for
our testing.
So define a user controller user account controller instance.
That Guy right there, call it controller, because that's the only controller we'll be testing and we
mark this with @
Inject mocks annotation from Mockito, so Mockito will do all the magic for us.
It will create the mock objects for these two and it will inject those mocks into this user account controller
instead of the actual objects getting created and injected.
We can then use the mockito when verify, etc. on this mocks starting the next lecture.